Story Recapped here.
Today I'm going to explain a teen comedy horror
film called The Babysitter.
Spoilers ahead!
Watch out and take careCole is a twelve-year-old
boy who is an awkward kid.
In their school clinic, he refuses to let
the nurse give him a flu shot.
Cole is afraid of needles, which gives the
school nurse a difficult time.
He gets constantly bullied by his schoolmates
as he is a nerd.
Melanie is one of the only people who treat
him nicely.
She accompanies Cole in school, and they are
good friends.
Melanie's father arrives to pick her up from
school; she asks her father if they could
give Cole a ride home, but her father is unwilling
to do so.
On their block, three kids on their bikes
approach Cole to intimidate and make fun of
him.
When Cole acts uninterested, one of the kids,
Jeremy, pushes him to the ground and calls
him a weirdo while the others laugh.
Someone from a distance calls them out.
It is Bee, a beautiful young woman, who defends
him from the three bullies.
She warns Jeremy not to bother Cole and again
as she pins a hole on Jeremy's tire.
This scares them off, and they flee.
Bee is his babysitter, who is one of his closest
friends.
She checks up on Cole to make sure that he
is not physically hurt.
Bee takes Cole on a drive home and asks about
how his parents are doing.
He says that Bee only hangs out with him because
she gets paid to do so.
However, Bee assures him that she has a great
time with Cole regardless; it makes him blush.As
they arrive home, Bee reminds Cole that they
will see each other again tomorrow night because
his parents plan on going on a trip.
He sees Melanie next door, and they wave at
each other.
He looks for his mother and catches her in
the backyard fixing traps for rats and other
bugs.
Cole tells his mother that people call him
names at school.
She consoles him by saying that things in
life are scary when people are young; she
assures him that things will get much better
when he gets older.
In an empty driving space, Cole's father lets
him drive to give him lessons.
Cole cowardly admits that he is not yet ready
and is too scared to accelerate the car.
His father understands and takes over.
Cole seems to have a good relationship with
his parents.
His mother and father are both laid-back and
are unlike other parents.
He enters their room to have a conversation
with them, but they are both busy.
His father is binge-watching Mad Men, while
his mother has paperwork.
That night, he goes to his room to open his
laptop and watch Mad Men.
This is in hopes that he could connect with
his father on a deeper level.
Cole does not sleep and watches the show
until morning.
On the bus to school, Cole tells Melanie that
he feels like his parents do not like him,
and they take every chance they get to avoid
being with him, thus, the frequent trips without
him.
Melanie tells Cole that she thinks Bee brings
boys over whenever Cole falls asleep.
He gets curious and tells Melanie that he
will stay up all night to test their theory.
That afternoon, Cole spies on Bee.
He sees her by a mini-mart with another guy.
They flirt with each other and seem happy.
This sparks jealousy in Cole, and he just
stares at them until someone hits him with
a soccer ball.Later that day, Cole's parents
rush as they get ready to leave.
They remind Cole of the things that he can
and can't do while they are away.
The doorbell rings and his mother asks him
to get it as it is probably Bee. Cole fixes
his shirt before making his way to the front
door to welcome his babysitter.
They both greet each other with their own
handshake.
Cole's parents continue to head outside and
go about their getaway.
Bee and Cole have a night of dancing; they
set up lights as if the house is a nightclub.
They also swim in the pool and basically have
a good time together.
While making dinner, Bee and Cole talk about
spaceships.
These are the rare moments when Cole feels
like someone is listening and can relate to
the stuff he is interested in.
They continue to joke about each other, and
after, they decide to have a movie night in
the yard.
A projector flashes the movie on a wider screen,
and both of them take turns reenacting the
movie.
They go inside the house and crash on the
couch.
Bee teases Cole on liking Melanie, but he
is in complete denial.
It's time for bed, but Cole says that he is
not tired.
Bee decides to let him take a shot, so he
could fall asleep faster.
He asks her to take a shot with him; she agrees
and heads back to the kitchen for her shot.
While Bee is out of sight, Cole pours the
shot on a vase.
As Bee returns, he coughs and pretends that
he already drank it.Cole is now in his room,
pretending that he is already tired and going
to bed.
He calls Melanie and discusses their plan
to spy on what Bee will do while he sleeps.
Bee enters the room to ask if Cole needs anything.
He thanks her for being so nice to him and
treating him like he is "normal."
They continue to have a short but significant
conversation about how it is acceptable to
be weird.
They both say good night, so Bee leaves the
room.
Half an hour later, the doorbell rings.
Melanie encourages him to go see what Bee
gets up to after he goes to sleep.
He quietly sneaks out of the room and crawls
toward the staircase to see what is going
on.
He sees Bee and several of her high school
friends: Max, Allison, John, Sonya, and Samuel.
Among the group, Samuel seems to be the odd
one out.
He just got invited by Bee when they were
together at the mini-mart.
They are all playing a game oftruth or dareformatted
as a game ofspin the bottle.
The bottle points at Bee during that round.Max
dares her to kiss everyone in the room.
First, she gives Max a quick kiss on the lips.
Next, she and Allison have a steamy session
that takes everyone by surprise.
Entertained by this, Cole continues to watch
from upstairs.
John does not receive a kiss from Bee, and
they all laugh.
She kisses Sonya on the forehead, then proceeds
to Samuel.
He refuses to kiss Bee because he does not
want anyone looking.
He is overwhelmed by the people he just met.
Bee finally kisses him.
After a few moments, she brutally shoves two
knives into his skull—Samuel shrieks in
pain and fear.
Bee tells him that he is helping them fulfill
a greater purpose.
From upstairs, Cole's face fills with utter
disbelief.
He could not process what he is seeing.
Bee removes the knives from Samuel's head
as he gradually loses a life.
They fill the chalice with his blood.
John taps Samuel's head as the blood from
the left side is not seeping through.
However, it bursts, and he is now covered
in blood.
Cole hears Bee say, "things get messy, when
you make a deal with the devil."
The chalice is now full of blood, so they
lay Samuel in the corner of the room.The group
opens a big box to retrieve a book.
The book is ancient and delicate, which contains
verses that they will use for the ritual.
Bee says that they should start as soon as
possible so they could head upstairs and get
the blood of the innocent.
Upon hearing it, Cole gasps, realizing that
he will also be used as a human sacrifice.
He hyperventilates and tries to call 9 1 1.
He reaches the police and informs them that
a lifeless guy is in his living room.
He finds a pocket knife in his room as a weapon
of self-defense.
However, he hears the group approach his room,
so he pretends to be asleep.
Cole hears that Sonya will use a syringe to
extract blood from him.
He panics but is unable to move as he has
no choice but to be still.
They hold his arm and insert the needle, but
they miss the vein on the first try.
They make the second attempt and are successful.
Bee tucks him in bed but notices the open
window in his room.
As soon as they exit, Cole gets up to make
a makeshift rope out of his blankets.
He rushes to combine the sheets before they
return to his room.
Ready to climb out the window, Bee finds out
that he is wide awake.
However, he falls unconscious after losing
some blood.Cole wakes up in their living room
and is tied to a chair.
Bee and her friends gather in front of him.
Sonya feeds him a cookie under Bee's command.
Her cult question Cole while fending offhis
questions by saying they needed his blood
for a science project.
She says that it is helpful to maintain his
sugar levels after fainting.
They interrogate him, asking about the window
and
the sheets.
Cole says that he was just trying to sneak
out so he could smoke outside.
But the group is unconvinced.
While they converse, Cole tries to cut the
rope using the pocket knife from earlier.
Unfortunately, a mirror is behind him, and
the group can see his reflection trying to
escape.
They make fun of him and joke around about
his determination to go.
Bee decides to let him go and instructs Sonya
to untie him.
Before going near Cole, police vehicles arrive
and put the group in a panic.
Bee becomes agitated and asks Cole if he was
the one who called the cops and if he saw
the Samuel incident.
He calls out for help, so Max kicks him to
shut him up.
Two police officers kick the door open and
order everyone to freeze.
Max throws a sharp object at one of the officers
and hits his eye.
The injured officer accidentally pulls the
trigger; the bullet hits Allison, and she
is thrown across the room.
Her left chest becomes bloody because of the
wound.
As John begs the other officer not to shoot
him, Bee comes from behind and slits the officer's
neck.
To say that the house is in chaos is an understatement.
Unsatisfied, Max approaches the officer he
attacked and brutally finished him off.The
other officers from the station contact the
now dead cops through the radio.
The group struggles with coming up with what
to say because they are not familiar with
cop codes.
They ask Cole; he gives 10-53, but Bee thinks
that it is a trap.
She asks him again and says 10-4.
They get a sigh of relief as the officers
on the radio say, all clear.
Allison suffers because of the bullet wounds
at the corner, but the group refuses to call
an ambulance as it will put them in a critical
position.
While the rest of them deal with Allison,
Cole finds the perfect opportunity to run.
He rushes upstairs while John chases him.
Cole pushes him; John slips because of a toy
car and falls from the second floor.
The staircase handle hits his head, and a
sharp trophy gets through his neck.
Now that one of them is dead, the group gets
more agitated toward Cole.
He runs to his room and climbs out the window.
Unfortunately, Max gets to him and pulls the
sheets to get a hold of him.
Without a choice, Cole lets go and falls to
the ground.
He manages to run to the garage and hide under
a car while Max is hunting him down.
In the crowded space, he sees Samuel's lifeless
body.
Cole panics, but he cannot let his fear get
ahead of him.
He looks for valuable tools that can protect
himself.
In an old toolbox, he finds a firework rocket
and comes up with a plan.
He reenters the house through the crawlspace
where his mother keeps multiple traps for
pests.
Sonya suspects that Cole is inside.
She opens it and enters.
He remains still under a thin blanket and
holds his breath strictly to prevent any noise.
Sonya points the flashlight in Cole's direction.
She touches a spider that is right above him.
At this point, Cole is terrified, but Sonya
decides to leave as she finds nothing.
She crawls back to the way out.
Cole flicks the spider away, and the trap
catches it, causing a noise.
Sonya notices it and makes her way back to
the young boy.
He points the firework at her but misses.
Sonya's hands are caught by the mousetraps,
which bids time for Cole to get out.
He traps her in the basement and ignites a
firework rocket with bug spray, burning her
to death.
The explosion throws Cole across the garden.Max
chases Cole outside the house.
Cole manages to trip him and kick his private
part, causing him extreme pain.
Max gets up and strangles the boy.
Gasping for air, both of them notice a sound.
Cole tells Max that Jeremy, who is his bully,
is throwing eggs at his house.
Jeremy dances as he enjoys making fun of Cole.
After showing appreciation for Cole's ingenuity
and urging him to start standing up for himself,
Max pushes him to confront Jeremy.
Cole threatens Jeremy that he will kick him.
He awkwardly throws a kick but fails miserably.
In return, Jeremy punches him to the ground.
Cole explains that a group of teenagers is
trying to kill him and that cops have died
inside his house.
Although his desperate remarks, Jeremy just
cracks an egg into his head.
Max helps him up, but Cole punches him.
Max chases Cole up a treehouse.
When he is about to strangle him to death,
the treehouse is too old, causing it to collapse.
Max is killed when he falls and is hanged
by the rope swing.
Cole looks at his body in shock and hears
a gunshot.
Cole escapes to Melanie's house and explains
to her the situation; she informs him that
her dad is not around and they are now alone
in the house.
Bee follows him and opens the doors with ease.
She observes the house while looking for signs
of them.
Both of them manage to stay quiet and wait
for a clear signal to move elsewhere.
While hiding in a room, Cole apologizes to
Melanie for dragging her into this situation
and assures her that he will take care of
things.
He asks Melanie to call the police; then,
she kisses Cole before he leaves.
They both smile for a split second despite
the situation that they are in.Cole returns
to his house, but it is completely dark and
empty.
He tries to stay silent while walking around
the house.
He finds Allison pretending to be dead; he
makes sure that she is not breathing by looking
at her intently and checking if she still
breathes.
He makes his way to the kitchen and finds
the gigantic book.
Suddenly, Allison attacks him from behind,
but he punches her bullet wound, so she gets
off him.
She continues to go after him using a knife.
Before she can stab him, Bee kills her with
a cop's shotgun.
Allison's blood is now all over Cole's face.
He threatens Bee that he will burn the book,
which is very important to her.
Bee nervously approaches him out of concern
of the book.
Bee confesses to Cole that she was once insecure
and meek like him until she made a deal with
theDevilto get whatever she wanted by sacrificing
innocent people and spilling their pure blood
on an ancient book while reciting its verses.
Since then, Bee has been traveling from different
places to prey on young
boys like him.
Although she offers to let him join her cult
and tell the cops that they are innocent,
Cole refuses and burns the spellbook anyway.
This time Bee's charms do not work on him
anymore.
He runs to Melanie's house to take her dad's
car; he drives it recklessly into his house
while Bee is distracted by the burning book.
The vehicle crashes directly into her.
Cole climbs out of the wrecked car.
They have one last emotional farewell as they
reminisce about their friendship.
Bee initiates to do their handshake, but Cole
leaves her to die alone.
The police officers and firefighters arrive
at the house for rescue operations.
His parents come and rush to embrace him.
He tells his parents that he no longer needs
a babysitter anymore.
Moments after, Bee attacks a firefighter going
through
the house.